I've always worn wacky shoes but toe
shoes the reason I wear these is because
feet are actually shaped like this and
normal shoes for some reason are shaped
like this why when in a handstand your
fingers work really hard to keep you
balanced you can see all these little
adjustments here but the way shoes are
designed completely ignore the way that
your foot fingers are supposed to work
you don't have to train your toes as
strong as mine but if you do want to get
started the best place to get started is
with palua they aren't as Extreme as
other Barefoot shoe options and they
space your toes literally there isn't a
better option for beginners use code
stay Flexi